right I might have known it would be red
it's paint what Tommy gave me mama are
they beautiful
I can see your dirty pillows
everyone will breasts mama they're
called breasts and every woman has take
off that dress well burn it together and
pray for forgiveness no mama
well he's not coming is coming home and
now stop it I'm nervous enough
no he's not coming he's not gonna come
stop it mama stop hurting yourself mama
I don't want to stay with you mommy
look I'll answer the door I'm not tell
him that you see I'll tell them did you
change your mind
sit there mama and don't say a word a
time gone be home early mama
thou shalt not suffer a witch to live